---
date: 2020-06-11 16:42:00
layout: post
title: My Goals for the next 30 years
subtitle:
description: 
image: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1548438294-1ad5d5f4f063?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjEyMDd9&auto=format&fit=crop&w=1352&q=80
category: personal
tags:
  - goal
  - 30 years
author: estambolieva
---

Remember the last time you were conversing with a group of people. Imagine I enter into the conversation and the person standing in front of you asked me to introduce myself to the group in 30 seconds. This is what I say:

> Hi, my name is Ekaterina Stambolieva and people call me Katia. At the age of 30 I achieved my childhood dream to become a business woman. My goal for the next 30 years is to become the next Marie Curie. I win 2 Nobel Prizes - one in economics, and one in Peace.


### 1987 - 2017

When I was about 5 years old my parents asked me what I wanted to become.

This is a normal chat every kid has with their parents. The kids' minds usually browse their memories for professions they have heard of, or read in children's books, or discussed in kindergarden. The kid's vocabulary of words to describe professions is usually limited: firefighter, astronaut, lawyer, football player, doctor, ballerina, unicorn, among others.

I told my parents that I wanted to be a business woman.

I have no idea on how I knew what business women do, how I knew that there are certain people who run businesses and this was their profession, and how I had the cognitive ability to correct the gender of the profession to fit me - replying business woman instead of saying business person or a businessman. 


### 2017 - 2037

In 2018, I already knew that I wanted to create (social) businesses in such a way so that the social/environmental impact of those is massive and long-lasting - and my works around it is awarded with a Nobel Prize of Peace.

It was only 2 weeks ago that I saw that most social businesses still struggle with raising funds - as I experienced this first hand. 

I have the drive to create a process and a system to be followed so that social businesses finance themselves and suceed. This realization motivates me - and this future work of mine is awarded with a Nobel Prize of Economics. 


**2020 Side Note**

I was 1 of the 136 people nominated for the [Gulbenkian Prize for Humanity](https://gulbenkian.pt/en/the-foundation/gulbenkian-prize-for-humanity/), which was [received by Greta Thurberg](https://gulbenkian.pt/en/news/greta-thunberg-is-the-winner-of-the-first-gulbenkian-prize-for-humanity/).

It feels amazing to be part of this list of individuals who are as inspiring as her. This shows me that I have aligned my goals correctly with a greener future - and yes, it is a long way ahead.
